We had a good class with Miss
Sanchez today - more than good.
It was really useful.
It was all about our future,
universities and our careers.
We had a task: Today's class.
Talk among your friends about the jobs
you want to do when you are older.
It's a chance to ask questions about
diplomas and university courses.
I don't really like being a schoolchild.
I'll be happier when I become a singer.
That's always been my plan.
But I don't know
anything about diplomas.
I need somebody
important to hear me sing.
Don't forget to think about a
second choice of university course.
Your first choice might be full.
And you might do better in your
examinations than you think.
I enjoyed listening to my classmates.
We've shared our dreams for years.
Some of the jobs my classmates
want sounded great.
Some are a bit strange.
Receptionist.
Waiter.
Waitress.
Manager.
Office worker.
Factory worker.
Model.
Writer.
Boss.
Biology teacher.
No one wants to be a cleaner.
I wonder how much a
Receptionist earns...
Do you have any colleagues if you are
a Writer, or do you work by yourself?
Some of the occupations my
classmates have chosen sound like fun.
I want to be a Chef!
I've decided.
I'm a good cook.
Some Chefs earn a lot of money.
Great idea!
You'll need to study chemistry
when you go to university, Harry.
Emily said she wanted
to earn lots of money,
work for a big company
and be a guest speaker
so she can travel around the world.
The teacher asked what
occupation would let her do that.
She said she didn't know,
but it's her dream.
My dad says if you want something
in life, you need to work hard,
study and take diplomas
as well as dream about it.
Oh hang on a second!
What about Oli?
Everyone has decided except Oli.
I almost forgot.
Oli hasn't decided yet,
but he wants to become a pilot,
a teacher or a police officer!
Is he serious?
Can you see Oli driving a police car?
The lesson was fun.
It was a great speaking
and thinking activity.
I listened till the end of the lesson...
for once!
It helped us forget about tomorrow's
School Challenge competition...
for a few minutes!